Update README.md (#93)
open-ibc/ibc-app-solidity-template: README.md

# ⛓️🔗⛓️ Template for IBC enabled Solidity contracts

> This [IBC app in Solidity template repo](https://github.com/open-ibc/ibc-app-solidity-template/tree/main) provides a starter project serves as a starting point for building multichain smart contracts that leverage Polymer Hub to connect across rollups through our [vIBC core contracts](https://github.com/open-ibc/vibc-core-smart-contracts).

Reviewer: we can prob just get rid of this link altogether, doesn't make sense to link to the repo the readme is hosted in :p

Author: oh this is also link our docs as quickstart

> This [IBC app in Solidity template repo](https://github.com/open-ibc/ibc-app-solidity-template/tree/main) provides a starter project serves as a starting point for building multichain smart contracts that leverage Polymer Hub to connect across rollups through our [vIBC core contracts](https://github.com/open-ibc/vibc-core-smart-contracts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [IBC app in Solidity template repo](https://github.com/open-ibc/ibc-app-solidity-template/tree/main) provides a starter project that serves as a starting point for building multichain smart contracts that leverage Polymer Hub to connect across rollups through our [vIBC core contracts](https://github.com/open-ibc/vibc-core-smart-contracts).
```

## 🏃🏽🏃🏻‍♀️ Quickstart

The project comes with a built-in dummy application called x-counter (which syncrhonizes a counter across two contracts on remote chains). You can find the contracts in the `/contracts` directory as XCounterUC.sol and XCounter.sol (the former when using the [universal channel](https://docs.polymerlabs.org/docs/build/executing-messages/universal-channels), the latter when creating a [custom/private channel](https://docs.polymerlabs.org/docs/build/executing-messages/private-channels)).

### Universal channels

> The easiest way to get onboarded is to use Universal channels. Universal channel is like an open port already deployed by Polymer to allow anyone to call a remote contracts. This contract is known as Universal channel handler (UCH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get onboarded is to use Universal channels. Universal channel is like an open port already deployed by Polymer to allow anyone to call remote contracts. This contract is known as Universal channel handler (UCH).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get onboarded is to use Universal channels. Universal channel is like an open port already deployed by Polymer to allow anyone to call a remote contracts. Universal channels utilize a contract which is known as Universal channel handler (UCH).
```

(by "this contract" it's unclear if referring to the end remote contract or the uch)

> When a user deploys a Universal channel compatible contract (this means inheriting the [UniversalChanIbcApp](./contracts/base/UniversalChanIbcApp.sol) base contract), it will be able to connect to the Universal Channel handler, define Universal packets which will then be wrapped into a regular IBC packet by the Universal Channel Handler and unwrapped by its counterpart on the destination chain (rollup). The Universal channel handler on the destination will then unwrap the the packet and send the data to defined address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can utilize universal channels through deploying a Universal channel compatible contract. This can be done either from deploying a contract which inherits the [UniversalChanIbcApp](./contracts/base/UniversalChanIbcApp.sol) base contract) or implements the [IbcUniversalPacketReceiver and IbcUniversalPacketSender interfaces](https://github.com/open-ibc/vibc-core-smart-contracts/blob/main/contracts/interfaces/IbcMiddleware.sol#L100-L112). Once deployed, the dapp will be able to connect to the Universal Channel handler, define Universal packets which will then be wrapped into a regular IBC packet by the Universal Channel Handler and unwrapped by its counterparty on the destination chain. The Universal channel handler on the destination will then unwrap the the packet and send the data to defined address.
```

to send a packet over a channel (script looks at the config's isUniversal flag to know if it should use the custom or universal packet). You can pick either optimism or base to send the packet from.

> ## Verify, don't trust

Reviewer: 👌🏻
